Ukraine
San Francisco shooting
Europe’s ‘crazy’ tourism summer
Belmont Stakes
UK entry fee for travelers
Anthony Bass
5 Things
The case pits the federal government against the man who could very well win the next election to become president once again
Some documents allegedly taken were so sensitive they required special handling
Trump attacked Hillary Clinton over classified documents in 2016
Trump-appointed judge returns to spotlight in ex-president’s federal criminal case
Trump hits campaign trail as indictment roils 2024 race
‘Jaw-dropper’: Reporter reacts to detail from unsealed indictment
I wrote the declassification rules. They leave Trump largely defenseless
Missing children found after 40 days in Amazon survived like ‘children of the jungle,’ Colombian president says
‘What is there to be afraid of?’ Ukrainians in battered southern town hopeful about counteroffensive
Russia transfers Ukrainian prisoners of war to Hungary
Video shows Western donated equipment destroyed by Russia
Is a Ukrainian offensive underway south of Zaporizhzhia?
One of the most dangerous hours in America is now 11 o’clock on Sunday morning
Kathy Griffin shares before and after footage from vocal cord surgery as part of her lung cancer recovery
Police respond to report of ‘10-foot creature’ in yard after green flash in sky
Extremely rare orange lobster caught in Maine’s Casco Bay has new home
CNN anchor bids farewell on his last day of show
Inside the cave where a nonhuman species carved mysterious symbols
The gross reason you might take a pass on birthday cake
Discovery reveals ancient Romans obsessively plucked
‘Breaking Bad’ actor and comedian Mike Batayeh dies
At least 9 are shot in a ‘targeted and isolated incident’ in San Francisco’s Mission District, police say
RFK Jr.: It’s almost impossible for anyone to interview me on vaccines
Neolithic stones removed to build new hardware store
Hazardous air quality leaves some workers gasping for help
Would you fly in these double-decker airplane seats?
Harmless health kick or slippery slope to an eating disorder?
Shots at Prince Harry are cheap – and telling
Has the tide turned against hybrid work?
A real estate agent, a 2-year-old and an experienced pilot. These are the victims of the Virginia plane crash
Europe’s ‘crazy’ tourism summer has started. It’s going to get much worse
The UK announces $12 entry fee for travelers
Out-of-the-ordinary hotel room service requests, according to a new survey
This hotel opened its doors in 705 AD. You can still stay there in 2023
Can humans and rats live together? Paris is trying to find out
Maldives luxury resort takes fresh approach to waste with ground-breaking ‘Sustainability Lab’
Podcast: How Prince’s Death Affected His Fans
Podcast: Kara Swisher on the threat social media and big tech pose for kids
As horse racing’s best trainers rake in millions, records show they’ve violated rules aimed at keeping the animals safe
These are the horses to watch at the Belmont Stakes tonight
I’m a former champion equestrian. It pains me to see so many horses dying on the racetrack
Iga Świątek wins women’s French Open with thrilling victory over Karolína Muchová
Gorgeous shot of the Statue of Liberty ‘holding’ the moon. Prince Harry in court. The week in photos
This leafy green could be your new favorite summer salad
7.7% of readers who took this week’s news quiz got a perfect score. How will you do?
New York City will charge drivers going downtown. Other cities may be next
New Mexico and Walgreens reach $500 million opioid settlement
Silicon Valley escalates the battle over returning to the office
Are inflatable hot tubs worth it? Absolutely. Here are 5 you should check out
The 14 comfiest sandals for women, according to podiatrists and fashion experts
26 cheap Amazon swimsuits we tried (and actually loved)
The 15 best above-ground pools, according to experts
The best air purifiers to help you stay healthy, according to experts
The 8 best high-yield savings accounts of June 2023
The 5 best balance transfer credit cards with a 0% APR
23 must-have travel storage buys that will keep you organized on vacation
The 62 best Father’s Day gifts he’ll actually use and love
47 practical Father’s Day gifts your dad will actually use
The 10 best Amazon deals to shop this week: S’well, Shark, Ray-Ban and more
The best Wayfair Father’s Day deals to shop
The best deals on air purifiers to shop right now
Thermacell repellers actually keep mosquitoes at bay — and right now they’re on sale
The best sales to shop this weekend: Logitech, AirTag, REI and more
12 favorite pasta salad recipes for summer
Microwaving bacon without paper towels
The 18 best flowers for pots in full sun
How Houston’s homelessness breakthrough could be a national game-changer
How I talk to my kids about climate change
A blistering indictment of the Trump-Biden legacy in Afghanistan
Why the party of ‘law and order’ still backs Trump
How Apple’s Vision Pro could change the world
Ozempic isn’t just a ‘wonder drug’
‘Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse’ spins a case for sequels
‘Jurassic Park’ more than holds up 30 years later. Here’s why
‘Flamin’ Hot’ tells a chips-to-riches story in Eva Longoria’s feature directing debut
‘The Flash’ races into the multiverse in a movie that clicks on all cylinders
Bryan Cranston is planning to step away from Hollywood… in three years
Economy class airplane bunk beds get seal of approval as launch moves closer
The double-decker airplane seat is back. Here’s what it looks like now
An electric cruise ship with gigantic solar sails is set to launch in 2030
World’s best desserts: How many have you tried?
The 2023 James Beard Award winners are …
Why this morning-after portrait of Faye Dunaway became an iconic Hollywood moment
Nostalgic photos evoke the ‘golden age’ of American arcades
70 years on, Gucci’s horsebit loafer is still a coveted status symbol
Prehistoric cave paintings discovered in Spain using drones
‘Barbie’ movie’s pink paint splurge led to global shortage, production designer says
A crocodile in Costa Rica had a virgin birth. Here’s what that means
A new supernova has appeared in the night sky
Three historical shipwrecks uncovered in the Mediterranean
Astronauts’ brains take a hit during long spaceflights
Rare dinosaur named for two-faced Roman god
Al-Shabaab militants kill nine in hotel siege in Somalia’s capital
2 planes ‘likely collided’ at Tokyo airport
This country’s love affair with air conditioning shows a Catch 22 of climate change
Poland is a key Western ally. But its government keeps testing the limits of democracy
Boris Johnson’s name will go down in history, but for none of the reasons he wants
Here’s what to know about GOP claims of a Biden scandal
Here’s where Trump allegedly kept classified documents at Mar-a-Lago
Family members co-signed bond for George Santos, court filing says
Jill Biden preparing ‘active fundraiser’ role in early stages of campaign
Cities across the Northeast experience better air quality indexes as hazardous wildfire smoke subsides
Southern California hotel workers authorize a strike that could begin July 4th weekend if a deal isn’t reached on pay and benefits
This could be the most beautiful homeless shelter you have ever seen, and it’s getting results
Hawaii’s governor, a former ER doctor, helps man injured in car accident – for the second time in 3 weeks
How Prince’s Death Affected His Fans
Kaitlan Collins on preparing for her new CNN show
Kara Swisher on the threat social media and big tech pose for kids
Why did the Surgeon General sound the alarm on social media?
How to minimize the health risks of wildfire smoke
Poor air quality on the East Coast is putting vulnerable neighborhoods at higher risk, activists say
Wildfire smoke is bad for pets, too. Here’s how to keep them safe
In pictures: Canadian wildfires impact US air quality
Report: PGA Tour couldn’t afford ‘spending war’ with LIV
LeBron James waves flag to start 24-hour Le Mans race
Kenya’s Faith Kipyegon breaks 5000m world record
Nuggets take 3-1 series lead vs. Heat
NHLer houses family displaced by Canadian wildfires
Djokovic advances to French Open Final
Tom Holland can’t escape from the bleak gimmickry of ‘The Crowded Room’
‘Flamin’ Hot’ tells a chips-to-riches story in Eva Longoria’s feature directing debut
What ‘Succession’ gets that ‘Ted Lasso’ and ‘Yellowstone’ don’t
Meet these trailblazing LGBTQ figures
Taylor Swift shares powerful Pride month message during Chicago ‘Eras Tour’ concert
Pride 2023: A history of the rainbow flag
Tina Turner’s life in pictures
Her mother was a victim of femicide. Now her aunt is raising her
The week in 31 photos
How Ukraine’s ‘iron people’ are helping in the fight against Russia
Canada’s wildfire season is off to an ‘unprecedented’ start. Here’s what it could mean for the US
Raj Shah out at Fox in wake of historic Dominion settlement
How to avoid flesh-eating bacteria on beaches
Shark attack in Egypt kills a Russian citizen
Erling Haaland could have scored more goals during record-breaking season, says Kevin De Bruyne
Tori Spelling’s dad was responsible for her ‘90210’ virginity plotline
What it’s like to stay at the world’s oldest hotel
Ozempic isn’t just a ‘wonder drug.’ It can also be a warning sign
Bipartisan group to introduce bill banning bump stocks
Tupac gets posthumous Hollywood Walk of Fame star
